bad worse worst fail poor diffic noisy weak small
tr-art-city-istanbul+I was in one of the "economy rooms" which were in a different wing of the building, which involved going up and down various, narrow stairs.  This wasn't a problem for me, but it did make carrying luggage a bit awkward (although the staff did carry my luggage up to my room for me).It would have also been good to have a curtain or some kind of covering over the sky-light, so as not to be woken up when the sun rose.Also, light sleepers be warned, the hotel is very close to a mosque, so bring ear plugs if you don't want to be woken by the call to prayer.
tr-art-city-istanbul+the stairs up and down. and poor customer service
tr-art-city-istanbul+Before the stuff was more much better now is good but before was very helpful and kind
tr-art-city-istanbul+Our room look like an attic. The ceiling was very low . The other room was shack in the hotel's gardan .
tr-art-city-istanbul+Long from mean street No coffe or te just early morning
tr-art-city-istanbul+Heather not working was Very cold, lights not working,
tr-art-city-istanbul+Bed, not so comfortable
tr-senator+No locks in toilets , breakfast can be better. Way back from tram is steep way up, used to be difficult for us after long walking days
tr-senator+Wifi is the only down side
tr-senator+The SPA was unavailable because of renovation. This should have been mentioned before we booked
tr-senator+There wasnt electric kettle in the room.
tr-senator+On going constraction on some of the floors.
tr-senator+Health club was not functional during our stay. Family Room was a bit smaller then expected. Only 2 water bottles per room as complimentary during our 7 day stay.
tr-tulip-house+Internet connection was VERY BAD! Also TV had no remote controller
tr-tulip-house+Shower broken , hairdrayer not working
tr-tulip-house+They didn't had much choices in breakfast, like eggs etc
tr-tulip-house+Actually it quiet bit far......you have to climb.dificult for family travelling with stroller
tr-tulip-house+it was noisy, people were often talking in the kitchen late at night and I could hear it as it was just behid my door the bed lining was dirty and full of patches; it was disgusting :S  somebody's thick black hair was always everywhere in the bathroom; we have light hair colour and thin hair
tr-historia+The rooms are a bit small.
tr-historia+The first room given to us was lacking air, very claustrophobic and hadn't been aired for some time. However the staff were able to change our rooms to  a more spacious and aired room.
tr-historia+Wi fi was weak
tr-historia+No bottle opener in the room
tr-historia+Small room. Small breakfast room
tr-historia+the room is too small  
tr-historia+It would have been nice to have a different breakfast selection on different days
===